Optimize storage of time series (#227)
NREL-SIIP/InfrastructureSystems.jl: docs/src/dev_guide/time_series.md

1. Add an instance of `InfrastructureSystems.TimeSeriesContainer` to the component struct.
2. Implement the method `InfrastructureSystems.get_time_series_container` for the
   component. It must return the TimeSeriesContainer object.

## Data Format

> Time series arrays are stored in an HDF5 file accoring the format described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time series arrays are stored in an [HDF5](https://support.hdfgroup.org/HDF5/whatishdf5.html) file according the format described here.
```

The root path ``/time_series`` defines these HDF5 attributes to control deserialization:

- ``data_format_version``: Designates the InfrastructureSystems format for the file.
- ``compression_enabled``: Specifies whether compression is enabled and will be used for new time series.
- ``compression_type``: Specifies the type of compression being used.
- ``compression_level``: Specifies the level of compression being used.
- ``compression_shuffle``: Specifies whether the shuffle filter is being used.

Each time series array is stored in an HDF5 group named with the array's UUID.
Each group contains a dataset called ``data`` which contains the actual data.
Each group also contains a group called ``component_references`` which contains
an HDF5 attribute for each component reference. The component reference uses the

> format ``<component_uuid>__<time_series_name>``.

Reviewer: label?

Author: `label` isn't used in the code; `name` is.
